Hubei Jingjia Automotive Parts Co., Ltd., specializing in whole series of Dongfeng commercial vehicle parts, is a private company. Our company currently has four wholly-owned subsidiaries which are xxxxxxx.

Relying on Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co. (DFCV), serving Dongfeng commercial vehicles, our company has become a guaranteed platform of Dongfeng commercial vehicle parts in Shandong province. We are a franchised dealer of DFCV and dozens of other well-known manufacturers. We are also a franchised supplier of nearly one thousandDongfeng commercial vehicle parts dealers.

“Strength comes from the charm of services” is the philosophy of our company. Over years, we are immersed in the services of pre-sales, sales and after-sales. We won consistent praise from our customers. Moreover, we have won the honnor of “Reliable dealer of the national auto markets”, “Consumers satisfied enterprise in Hubei Province”.

We adhere to the Sunshine Service principles of Dongfeng Motor Co. : "care for everyone, care for every vehicle", "Create opportunities for starf, create profits for customers, create wealth for society". We are willing to work together with our customers for Complementary advantages, mutual benefit and a bright future.





The company puts great emphasis on regarding the maximization of customer’s profit as our duty, treating customers’ satisfaction as our honor. With good reputation, stable prices and consecutive services, we have obtained the trust and preference from a majority of our business partners, and owned certain market in the fierce competition. Here, we’d like to make our respective advantages complementary to each other with you, get a win-win situation, to work together for a bright future! Hubei Jingjia, a youthful corporation, is looking forward to your visit at any time!

successively signed contracts and become a franchised dealer of dozens of well-known manufacturers such as Dongfeng Diesel Generator Co., Ltd, Dongfeng (Shiyan) Engine Parts Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Brake Parts Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Shaft Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Bearing Pistons limited, Dongfeng Special Automobile Body Works, Liaoning FZB, Shaanxi Fast, Datong Gear Factory and so on. Established long-term business relationship with a mount of auto service companies, we become their supplier of social procurement.
Our company
 And is a member of Shanghai Santana Localization Community.
a private enterprise

Street Address: No. 3961xinfeng Road Fengxian District
City: Shanghai
Province: Shanghai
Country/Region: China (Mainland)


	Company > Company Introduction


Hubei Jingjia Auto Parts Co., Ltd is a private enterprise specializing in series of Dongfeng Cummins’ vehicle parts. The company has 80 staffs at present. And it is located in No. 213, Zhenya Zone, Bailang Auto Parts Market, Shiyan City, Hubei Province China, and has established some branches in Shanxi and Shandong.

Relying on Dongfeng, advocating Dongfeng, serving Dongfeng, the Dongfeng-based company successively signed contracts and become a franchised dealer of dozens of well-known manufacturers such as Dongfeng Diesel Generator Co., Ltd, Dongfeng (Shiyan) Engine Parts Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Brake Parts Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Shaft Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Bearing Pistons limited, Dongfeng Special Automobile Body Works, Liaoning FZB, Shaanxi Fast, Datong Gear Factory and so on. Established long-term business relationship with a mount of auto service companies, we become their supplier of social procurement.

“Strength comes from the charm of services” is our company philosophy. Over the years, we are immersed in the services of pre-sales, sales and after-sales. We won consistent praise from our new and old customers by thinking what customers think, offering more than what customers want. Moreover, in the passed consecutive three years, we have won “Reliable dealer of the national auto markets”, “Consumers satisfied enterprise in Hubei Province”. The company puts great emphasis on regarding the maximization of customer’s profit as our duty, treating customers’ satisfaction as our honor. With good reputation, stable prices and consecutive services, we have obtained the trust and preference from a majority of our business partners, and owned certain market in the fierce competition. Here, we’d like to make our respective advantages complementary to each other with you, get a win-win situation, to work together for a bright future! Hubei Jingjia, a youthful corporation, is looking forward to your visit at any time!

Factory area: 22000M2
The total number of staff: 180
The person number of R&D: 10
Total assets: 100,000,000RMB
Company nature: Private joint- Stock enterprises
English proficiency: 6 persons
Certification: ISO/ TS 16949
Main Products: Windows regulator\ Door limited
entitled by the dongfen corp
Shanghai Laiaifu Electric Co., Ltd. was established in 2010 by the Shanghai Hongbao Auto Parts Co., Ltd. and a China Motor Manufacturing Company, a leading joint venture. Professional design and manufacture of automotive electrical products, the company has a motor production, R & D capabilities of domestic advanced level. Our main products include: automotive window lift motor, car sunroof motor, seat motor, wiper motor, central locking motor. Major customers include Chery Automobile, STEC, Wenzhou Huanghe Industry Co., Ltd. and the United States Wellcharter Company. The company has introduced a large number of domestic first-class professional design and quality control professionals to the motor, and gradually equipped with the most advanced motor production line and testing equipment, with annual output of 2 million electrical production capacity. Now the company has successfully developed a motor vehicle anti-trap module, is planning to mass production.

wholly-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Hongbao Auto Parts Co.,Ltd.I

SHANGHAI HONGBAO AUTO PARTS CO., LTD
Enterprise a brief

　　SHANGHAI HONGBAO AUTO PARTS CO., LTD (Hereafter called SHAP) was established in 1991 .SHAP is an enterprise of owner holding shares system.. Our company is specialized to produce window regulator and door limiter for car, and is a member of SHANGHAI SANTANA LOCALZATION COMMUNITY.

　　Our company is located at Shanghai FenXian district touqiao Town XinFeng Motor Way No:1549 AND Occupied area 15430㎡. It has building area 11706㎡ and employees more than 200 . At present our company have all kinds production equipments more than 100 sets as the below table.

　　At present ,our sales products are manual driver and power driver regulator. Assembled for car and stamping parts with other fitting parts of vehicles. The main processing has stamping and injection plastic etc. Our company is a key supplier for Shanghai VOLKSWAGEN, Shanghai GM, SAIC Gerry STEC, Shanghai Delco ,Shanghai Valeo ,Shanghai Delphi, and Brose in China etc.

　　In order that to develop market in China which our company was established subsidiaries in SAIC Getty car production base area at WuHu in 2001. It name called Hua An car fitting manufacture company Ltd . The company produce manual/power window regulator assembled and door limiter series products to SAIC Greey Company for A11,B11,S11 cars etc.

　　By the way our company has been combined through the strong and strong way with Shanghai Dong Chang enterprise Group and was found a joint-venture company. Tha is Shanghai Hong Chang auto fitting company Ltd. It is key supplied for SVW, SGM, SAIC Greey and Yue Da Kia Auto Co., Ltd . The main products are door limiter assembled insulation cover for engine and stamping parts almost 100 kinds of products.

　　Our company police are “effective management, competitive cost , top quality, excellent service guarantee to satisfy customs demand and expectation” Since our company established to up date more than ten years have been got success in research products and enterprise management. The company has passed the certification of IS9002 quality system in 1998. In 2001 once again has implemented ISO9002, QS9000, and VDA6.1 system. Our company won the free inspection products into SVW.

　　We honestly wish that can cooperation to develop the car window regulator, door limiter, and other car parts with making car plants and same factory in home and aboard. Welcome all customers come here for cooperating technology, united development for developing .

Address : Shanghai FenXian Districh Touqiao Town XinFen Rd. No:1549
Zip :201409　　Tel: 86-021-57554842　　Fax: 86-021-57554843
E-mail: hb2000@online.sh.cn　　Internet site: http://www.shongbao.com
